Document promotions (#466)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/promotion.mdx

# Promotions

Promotions are made by third-party services through partnership to convince user about their products.

> ## Promotion Object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Promotion Object
```
objects are h3 (also fix below)

###### Promotion Structure

| Field                                                | Type                                                                                 | Description                                                                                                                                   |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| id                                                   | snowflake                                                                            | The ID of the promotion                                                                                                                       |

> | trial_id?                                            | snowflake                                                                            | The ID of the inbound promotion trial                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| trial_id?                                            | snowflake                                                                            | The ID of the subscription trial associated with the inbound promotion                                                                                                         |
```

| start_date                                           | ISO8601 timestamp                                                                    | When the promotion starts                                                                                                                     |
| end_date                                             | ISO8601 timestamp                                                                    | When the promotion ends                                                                                                                       |

> | outbound_redemption_end_date?                        | ISO8601 timestamp                                                                    | Timestamp before the code can be used                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| outbound_redemption_end_date?                        | ISO8601 timestamp                                                                    | When the promotion's redemption period ends                                                                                                         |
```

^1^ This field is a formatted string. `{code}` should be replaced with claimed code.

###### Promotion Flags

| Value  | Name                                  | Description                                      |
| ------ | ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| 1 << 5 | IS_BLOCKED_IOS                        | Promotion is not shown on iOS                    |
| 1 << 6 | IS_OUTBOUND_REDEEMABLE_BY_TRIAL_USERS | Promotion is redeemable by trial user            |
| 1 << 7 | SUPPRESS_NOTIFICATION                 | Notifications about the promotion are suppressed |

###### Promotion Type

| Value | Name                 | Description                    |
| ----- | -------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| 0     | THIRD_PARTY          | Third-party promotion          |
| 1     | BOGO                 | BOGO promotion                 |
| 3     | THIRD_PARTY_INBOUND  | Third-party inbound promotion  |
| 4     | THIRD_PARTY_OUTBOUND | Third-party outbound promotion |

> | 5     | MARKETING_MOMENT     | Marketing moment               |

Reviewer: missing 6 - GIFT_PROMOTION

| 0     | ANNOUNCEMENT_MODAL    | Annonucement modal     |
| 1     | PREMIUM_TAB           | Premium tab            |
| 2     | MARKETING_PAGE_BANNER | Marketing page banner  |
| 3     | PAYMENT_MODAL_BANNER  | Payment modal banner   |
| 4     | MOBILE_BOTTOM_SHEET   | Bottom sheet on mobile |

## Claimed Promotion Object

###### Claimed Promotion Structure

| Field      | Type                                  | Description                                  |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| code       | string                                | The code of the claimed promotion            |
| user_id    | snowflake                             | The ID of the user who claimed the promotion |
| claimed_at | ISO8601 timestamp                     | When the promotion was claimed at            |
| promotion  | [promotion](#promotion-object) object | The promotion                                |

###### Promotion Platform Type

| Value | Name    | Description |
| ----- | ------- | ----------- |
| 0     | DESKTOP | Desktop     |
| 1     | MOBILE  | Mobile      |

> ### Endpoints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Endpoints
```

  Get Outbound Promotions
</RouteHeader>

Returns a list of [promotion](#promotion-object) objects the current user is eligible for.

###### Query String Params

| Field     | Type    | Description                                                    |
| --------- | ------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| locale?   | string  | The [language](/reference#locales) to return promotions in     |
| platform? | integer | The [platform](#promotion-platform-type) to get promotions for |

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/promotions" supportsBot>
  Get Promotions
</RouteHeader>

Returns a list of [promotion](#promotion-object) objects the current user is eligible for.

###### Query String Params

| Field     | Type    | Description                                                    |
| --------- | ------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| locale?   | string  | The [language](/reference#locales) to return promotions in     |
| platform? | integer | The [platform](#promotion-platform-type) to get promotions for |

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/bogo-promotions">
  Get BOGO Promotions
</RouteHeader>

> Same as above, except this endpoint returns promotions only whose type is [`BOGO`](#promotion-type).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Same as above, except only returns promotions of type [`BOGO`](#promotion-type).
```

###### Query String Params

| Field     | Type    | Description                                                |
| --------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| locale?   | string  | The [language](/reference#locales) to return promotions in |

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/users/@me/outbound-promotions/codes">
  Get Claimed Promotions
</RouteHeader>

> Returns a list of [claimed promotion](#claimed-promotion-object) objects that the current user claimed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a list of [claimed promotion](#claimed-promotion-object) for the current user.
```
